use `ruff` and `pyupgrade` to support `3.11`+ python language features (#7860)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Internal changes ⚙️</h3>

> * Upgraded source code to use Python 3.11+ language features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Refactored the codebase to adopt modern type hint syntax for Python 3.11+ language features.
```
After all this is a 2k+ changes PR, let's slightly add some highlevel details to the log
